chore: Remove all conan options and use purely CMake targets (#2538)
XRPLF/clio: docs/build-clio.md

To do that, run the following command in the repository root:

```bash
conan lock create .
```

## Building Clio

1. Navigate to Clio's root directory and run:

   ```sh
   mkdir build && cd build
   ```

> 2. Install dependencies through conan

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Install dependencies through conan.
```

   ```sh
   conan install .. --output-folder . --build missing --settings build_type=Release
   ```

   > You can add `--profile:all <PROFILE_NAME>` to choose a specific conan profile.

> 3. Configure and generate build files with CMake

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Configure and generate build files with CMake.
```

   ```sh

>    cmake -DCMAKE_TOOLCHAIN_FILE:FILEPATH=build/generators/conan_toolchain.cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release    ..

Reviewer 2: nit: Probably unnecessary spaces before the `..`?

Author: Thanks, fixed

```sh
docker run -it ghcr.io/xrplf/clio-ci:384e79cd32f5f6c0ab9be3a1122ead41c5a7e67d
git clone https://github.com/XRPLF/clio
cd clio
```

> And then follow the same steps as in [Building Clio](#building-clio), use `--profile:all gcc` or `--profile:all clang` with `conan install` command to choose the desired compiler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the same steps in the [Building Clio](#building-clio) section. You can use `--profile:all gcc` or `--profile:all clang` with the `conan install` command to choose the desired compiler.
```
